Added a FAQ section to the wiki for MRC (#342)
gridcoin-community/Gridcoin-Site: wiki/faq.md

If you see your pending rewards at 16384 GRC, you have hit the maximum amount of
Gridcoin that can be sent per stake. When you stake you will only earn 16384 GRC
and any amount of extra work done will not be included. If you keep hitting this
limit, make sure you are running your wallet to stake 24/7 (or close to it). If you are,
you should get more Gridcoin to stake more frequently.

If you want to get an estimate of how likely you are to stake *before* that limit, you can try solving
for that probability using:
`16384/(magnitude/4) = -ln( 1 - Probability ) * 10000 / Balance * Difficulty`.  
The probability there are the odds that you stake at least once at any point before that limit (it's a confidence interval).

Note: It is highly unlikely for most users to run into this limit. It requires a very
high magnitude to possibly run into this.

---
# Manual Reward Claim

---
### What is Manual Reward Claim (MRC)?

> Manual Reward Claim (MRC) is a feature in the official Gridcoin wallet [release version 5.4.0.0](https://github.com/gridcoin-community/Gridcoin-Research/releases/tag/5.4.0.0).
> When you earn BOINC credits in solo crunching mode, you will soon accumulate
> GRC that is owed to you. This GRC doesn't exist yet and you can claim it via two
> methods, staking or MRC.

Reviewer: Can simplify this section a bit
```suggestion
Manual Reward Claim (MRC) is a feature in v5.4.0.0. When you earn BOINC credits in solo crunching mode, you accumulate owed Gridcoin.
This GRC doesn't exist yet and you can claim it via two methods, staking or MRC.
```

MRC allows a user to claim their owed GRC without the requirement of having a
large amount of GRC to stake it (like in previous versions).

MRC was made to solve the issue of new users being unable to claim rewards
without either acquiring GRC first or using a pool.

> 

Reviewer: I would mention in this main section that there are fees when using MRC that don't exist when staking

---
### If I have enough GRC to stake, do I need to use MRC?

No. MRC is optional. If you would like to advance the payment of your owed GRC
without having to wait for your next stake, then you are able to issue a MRC
request from the wallet.

---
### How often can I make a MRC request?

Once every 14 days is the most often you can make a MRC request.
Note that if you have only just created your Gridcoin wallet and advertised your
beacon, you will need to wait 14 days until your first request.

> 

Reviewer: I would mention that you might not want to claim this often because of the high fees compared to waiting
